[Music]
things
coch
note is the habit does not do more than pelé
and
louis
and 8
all
and
you are
uy
extra
[Music]
or not
to the payments
so
catch
well
that
this
because
of the grass
the market
its greenness of united
perhaps but caused
In time
v and well if I replicate in Austin
or not
these three women and I can only more
impossible
with their colors of the diesel and fine
city
in return, true,
there is one that will not interest me
or not
so I go back
and
our
not
[Music]
yes
a part
[Music]
later
not
now it
is true
dent
hello
no
[Music]
I would not tell
the story of this
and throw
I was wrong
meters
I nor with him
young man there will be
[Music]
hey
[Applause]
guys
[Music]
well
no
and I am
hello
when I am
what pass the fixed
is that
[Music]
and
student
you came
late
no no no
no more
so it is
no no
ah
when
[Music]
now
said
because
[Music]
has
job
and
value
but I had to give a little
siam and countries
yes
complicate words
and
queen
youtube
ah fish
why
[Music]
personal life
according
to the bathroom
sad
yes
even
l
me
[Music]
yes
only forrest three times
[Music]
no
longer
[Music]
yes yes
better
[Music]
when reaching this end to pass
yes
[Music]
look at this come
thanks
I am
Muslim world
milk
and
ok
new
yes
after minister he had to kiss the
end
europe
and
destroy me
jaume vallés you are
getting
management
what is this